after being in the Navy for so long as a chief, I think one of the things
I'm trying to work on is become a an officer through the direct
commissioning officer program. If that doesn't work out, then there
are other opportunities for me. As a chief, I could be a chief warrant
officer. Or I could continue my, uh, enlisted career as senior chief.
Or, you know, with the goal of eventually becoming a master chief
for the civilian side. Um ah Ah, cyber security analyst. I'm going
to school for computer science, and I'm hoping that that degree will
lead me to a federal job. Um, maybe working for NASA may be working
for a federal research lab or maybe someplace in Japan, which is,
uh, one place that I'm really eager to get back to.